A trip to Bavaria. Going abroad.
Pete, Josephine is talking to you. Our daughter, remember?
Yes, dear. No, sugar. Thank you.
What? She's trying to tell you something.
Oh, what's the point?
Her name is Heidi. She lives near Munich.
Oh, that's nice. That's where the doctor burfest takes place.
Don't you mean the Oktoberfest?
That's what I said, Nancy. Lots of lovely, strong German men drinking beer.
I don't see what that's got to do with Josie's trip to Germany.
Anyway, Josie, try making contact with your father again, please.
Put Heidi's photo in front of his nose.
Dad. No more toast. Thank you.
Look at this. She's nice, isn't she?
Very nice. A friend of yours.
Her name's Heidi. She's German. I'm going to visit her in Germany.
Nice.
Did you hear what Josie said?
And put that newspaper down.
We want to have a real conversation with you.
Oh, there's more life in a plastic bag.
But Josie is going to stay with her German exchange partner near Munich for two months in the summer holidays.
Well, that's nice. Wait a minute. Munich?
That's in Germany.
At the last, welcome back to our planet.
Give me up, Scotty.
Oh, who is Scotty? I once had a budget called Scotty.
He was very clever. He could speak.
I taught him to say, close the window. Close the window.
One day I forgot, and he flew out the window.
Be quiet, please, Mum.
Germany?
Yes, Germany. Munich is in Germany.
But...
There are Germans in Germany.
Your knowledge of European geography is very impressive. You should be on mastermind.
Yes, Dad. There are lots of Germans in Germany.
I'm going to stay with a German family for two months.
But... but... they speak German.
Gosh, is there no limit to my husband's intelligence?
Why don't you go to a nice country, a sensible country?
What do you suggest, dearest?
Well, America, or Canada, or even... Gibraltar.
I want to improve my German, Dad. All those countries speak English.
Yes, but why do you want to learn another language? Everyone speaks English.
I'm learning German at school, remember?
I went to Germany once. I didn't know that.
When?
When the Kaiser was still alive.
I'm not sure when it was a long time ago.
I think it was Germany. Or maybe it was the Isle of Wight.
It looked very foreign, lots of bicycles and hills, and people with sunglasses and red faces.
Anyway, Mum says I can go to Germany.
It's with the school. Nothing can happen.
I know. We can come and visit you. We can have a holiday in Germany too.
Not so fast, Mum. I don't think Josie was.
That's awesome. Yes, that's a great idea. Why not come near the end?
And then we can visit some places together. What a good idea. Don't you think so, Pete?
You can meet Heidi and her father.
That's settled then. We're coming. Perhaps Heidi's father can find us a cheap hotel for a few days.
Cool. I can get Heidi to ask her father. I'm sure he knows some places.
A trip to Germany. How exciting. It's our first trip abroad for over 15 years.
No, it's not. We went to Calais two years ago.
That's not exactly true. You forgot your passport and we couldn't enter France.
All we saw was the port from the ferry and then we came back again.
Yes, I forgot. Why did you marry him, Nancy? I liked Andrew. He sells vacuum cleans.
I met his wife. She left him in January. Now she lives with the ice cream man.
Andrew's alone at home with his hovers. You too.
Josie, what present are you taking? What about a book of jokes? You know Germans have no sense of humour.
Don't be stupid, Dad. Maybe a towel. Sorry?
It's a fact that on holidays Germans always get up early in the morning to put their towels on the sunbeds next to the pool.
Don't listen to your father. He lives in his own fantasy world of stereotypes.
Perhaps some typical English food. You know things like tea and marmite and food.
That's a great idea, Grand. Josie, make sure you don't mention the war.
Stop it, Pete. We're in the European Union now.
I'm not. I never wanted to join. Right. Come on Boris. Walkies.
Let's go and breathe some good English air together.
Oh dear. I'm not so sure it's a good idea to take Dad to Germany, Mum.
Yes, I know. But he doesn't really mean what he says. He's just trying to be funny.
But he never says anything that is funny. No. I know. Sad really, isn't it?
Mmm.
Bavaria, here we come.
Why didn't we fly? This ferry journey is so boring. And Port Boris is locked in the car. I hope he's alright.
Of course he is. It's nice to go by ferry. A real sense of adventure.
We English are famous for RC captains. So Walter Raleigh. Captain Cook.
Christopher Columbus. Christopher Columbus was Italian.
Don't be ridiculous, Italian. He can't be Italian.
What are the Italians given the world besides pizza and ice cream?
I think Mum's right, Pete.
No, anyway. Sir Francis Chichester, the first man to sail around the world alone.
All right. All right, you made your point. Anyway, not long now, I hope.
And please, Josie is having such a nice time with the family. I'm really looking forward to seeing her again and meeting the family. Aren't you?
Yes, but...
Oh, it's so exciting. It makes me feel tipsy. Everything is going from side to side.
The sea is very rough. I don't like it too much. Oh, my stomach.
It's very nice of Heidi's father to say we can stay in his house.
Yes, it is. The Germans are such nice people, don't you agree, Pete?
What's the name of Josie's German family? Her Fokker?
What's his first name? And where's Mrs Fokker?
I don't know his Christian name. Germans are much more formal, Pete. I read it in the guidebook. I don't know where Heidi's mother is. Maybe they're divorced.
I wouldn't be surprised with a name like that. I wonder if he fought in the war. I must ask him.
Please don't. Anyway, he isn't old enough. Don't forget that the war finished over 60 years ago.
I don't feel too well. My stomach doesn't like it. Oh, my stomach.
Don't worry. It's okay. Here. Have a peanut butter sandwich. They taste great.
Here are some chocolate biscuits too.
No, I can't eat anything.
Don't be there. Don't worry. Do you want some coke?
No, thank you. I just want to sit quietly.
Shall I get you an ice cream?
I want to go up on deck. Smell the sea air.
Don't fall overboard. See you later.
See you later. Why didn't we fly, Pete? I feel awful.
Another sandwich, dear.
Enjoy the exhibit. Can it isn't Stulham? What?
Are you all right? Do you have a speech problem?
Enjoy the exhibit. Can't you speak a proper language?
What did he want? I have no idea. He was speaking in a funny language.
French, I think. It wasn't French. He spoke German. He's German.
French, German. It's all the same.
Pete, do you think it had a good idea to come by car?
You know the problems we have with it. It's so old and it's not very reliable.
I checked everything very carefully. I'm sure nothing can go wrong.
Sorry. How long is the journey to Bavaria?
Only a few hours. It's all motorway.
You know they drive on the other side of the road.
Are you all right? You don't look well.
Of course I'm all right.
Yes, I know they drive on the left. I'm not totally stupid.
No dear. Of course you're not. It can't be difficult.
Trust me.
You look a bit green. Are you sure you're okay?
Just a bit of indigestion. Oh, I think. Oh dear.
I think I ate too many peanut butter sandwiches.
I think I need to go to the toilet.
I don't feel too well. Do you need some help?
No, no dear. It's just a bit of indigestion.
Oh, careful dear. The boat is swaying a lot.
Sorry, madam. Sorry.
Hello, Pete. Isn't it fun? Are you all right?
Hello, Nancy. Pete looks as white as a sheet.
Poor Lord Nelson is not feeling too well.
Oh, that noise. Look, it's Pete. He fell over the table.
Oh, where is he? Look, ma'am. The coast. I can see the coast.
We're almost there. Where's Pete?
We have to go downstairs to the car.
I think that's him in the corner over there.
Leave him for a few minutes. I think he's falling asleep.
It's nice to have a bit of peace and quiet.
We could leave him there, Nancy.
What a terrible thought, ma'am. We can't do that.
Can we? I suppose not. But it's a nice idea.
On the road.
What's the matter with these bloody Germans?
They are crazy as the end of the world come.
Look out. There's another one coming at supersonic speed.
Be careful.
Where the bloody hell did that one come from?
Why do they drive so fast? It's dangerous.
And why is every bloody German got either a bloody Mercedes or a bleeding BMW?
Who won the war anyway?
It's exciting. They all look such fun. Why can't we go any faster?
I'm doing 55. This car wasn't built for speed.
It wasn't built for comfort either.
Or leg room. Or relaxation.
All right. All right. Don't keep on.
Everyone is laughing at us as they overtake. I don't see what's so funny.
Maybe our orange and pink colour scheme has something to do with it.
Everyone in Germany seems to have a black car.
There's another car behind us, Pete.
It's so close. I think it's climbed into our boot.
Move over, Pete. Let him pass.
I can't. There's only two lanes and the other is full of juggernauts.
What's the speed limit on motorways?
There isn't one in Germany.
What? No speed limit. What fun?
Come on, Pete. Faster. Faster.
I can't go faster. Stop it, you silly old bag. Be quiet and sit down.
There's a sign, Pete. 120.
120. 120. A speed limit of 120 miles per hour.
I would go into orbit if I went that fast.
I don't think there's a chance of that happening in this car.
Call me. Hello, Mr. Nice German man.
What are you doing, Mum?
I'm waving to the driver behind. Why doesn't he wave back?
Oh, that's not very friendly. That's not nice at all.
I would like to have a word with his mother. Teach him some manners.
What are you doing, Mum? Stop here, Boris.
Just showing him how we English do it.
There. Take that. Stop that.
Now, get your head back in the car and sit down.
What are you doing in the bag? Why is the car flashing his lights?
Mum's abusing the driver behind us. Silly thing to do. They're so reckless.
I give up. I've had enough of this. That's enough.
I'm going to pull over and leave the car on the motorway. We can walk the rest of the way.
I think we all need a breather. And Boris needs a walk. Can we stop, Pete?
All right, Nancy. I think that's a service station. All tight.
I thought going on holiday was meant to be relaxing. A chance to unwind.
If I see that man again, that's enough, Mum. Stop it.
Can you give Boris a quick walk? All right, Nancy. Come on, Boris.
Can we look at the map, please? It can't be far now.
Now, we've passed Nürnberg. Here we are. Früchte. Whatever that means.
What's the name of the town where Josie is staying?
Here's a letter from here, Fokker. There's the address.
Somewhere called... I can't read the beginning. His handwriting is not so easy to read.
I think it's... Pafaf. Pafaf and Hoffen.
Neither can I. Why are German words so long?
English names are so much easier. Places like slough and redding and huster.
They're easy to say, but I mean, look at this name.
Brisson. What a ridiculous name for a town.
Dear, I think you're looking at the wrong map. You're looking at a map of the Czech Republic.
What? Ah, yes. Well, there's no difference. All these foreign names are stupid.
I can't pronounce any of these places. It doesn't matter anyway. I know where.
Let me have a look. Maybe I can read it.
I don't think you can read it. I didn't know schools existed when you were young.
Stop it, Pete. I bought a German washing machine many years ago.
So? The instruction book was in German. Did you understand it, Mum? No.
So why? It doesn't matter. I found this place on the map yesterday.
It's near Munich. Yes. Ah, here. South of Ingold. Whatever it's called.
Are you sure it's right? It doesn't look the same.
Of course I'm right. Come on. It's not far now.
We've just passed Ingold's, whatever it's called, give Josie a ring on our mobile and she can give us directions.
That's a good idea.
Josie, is that you? It's me, Mum. How are you? We're fine. Dad's a bit stressed with the driving.
No, I'm not. It's you two in the back who was stressing me. Ask how I get to her house.
I'm leaving the motorway at the next junction and it is sign posted to her town.
Did you hear that, Josie? Good. Uh-huh, yes. All right.
Second left opposite the church. Large white gates. House number 32. Right. Thank you, love.
With you in a few minutes. Bye.
Finding the right address.
Look out for the church, everyone. We should see it soon. Stop!
What? Where? There! It's lovely. It's wearing short leather trousers.
Stop it, mother. Your mother gets worse as she gets older. There's the church over there.
Oh, that was easy to find. Drive slowly, Pete. It's the house opposite. Do you think that's it?
It's got white gates, but it looks a bit strange and I can't see a house number.
Huh? It must be the right one. Come on.
It's Wilkone's stop-sogger coffin. Good afternoon. I'm Mrs. Britain. We're here to see Josie.
It's Wilkone's stop-sogger coffin. It's most about the rules. Good? Uh, yes? What's he talking about?
I don't know. Why is he talking through the letterbox?
Can you open the door, please? We would like to see Josie, our daughter.
It's Wilkone's stop-sogger coffin. I think we might be at the wrong house.
What makes you think that? Come on. Back to the car and this time I'll phone Josie.
Women have no idea about finding places. Typical. What a holiday.
Where are you? What? We're here. Outside the church. Sorry? You're outside the church, too.
We can't see you. And you can't see us. Perhaps we're in the wrong place.
Of course we're in the wrong place. Even I can see that.
You said you knew where Josie was staying. I thought I did.
But obviously you didn't. Yes, I did. But just be quiet, please.
I'm trying to find out where Josie is. Sorry, Josie. Yes. I have the map open. Yes.
Yes. Oh. Ah. Isn't it the same place? Oh. Okay. Yes. Yes.
Well? Josie is staying in Hunter Pafacthan and Hoefan, or some of the name like that.
Yes, I know. It's here at the top of Mr. Fokker's letter.
Apparently we're not in Hunter Pafacthan and Hoefan at the moment. We're in Pafacthan and Hoefan.
They aren't the same place. It's an easy mistake to make. Anyone can make it.
But the two names are completely different, Pete. Why didn't you let me look at the map?
How much further is it? Not many miles. Just the other side of Munich. Come on.
There she is. It's Josie. Cooey. Over there, Pete. Yes. Yes. I can see her.
We're Josie. Hello. Hello. Come on. Take the car up the drive, Dad.
It's a wonderful house. I told you it was big. Wow. It's bigger than Belgium.
How many people live here? Just Heidi and her father. Oh yes. There's a housekeeper as well.
She lives upstairs. What does Heidi's father do? Import drugs. Sell illegal weapons.
Don't be so nasty. He's an English teacher. He's very nice. You'll like him.
Put the car over there, Dad. A teacher. An English teacher. But it's German.
How can he be an English teacher? Germans can't speak English. The Orvis-Vin in the end.
I don't think this holiday is going to be much fun.
Meeting the fuckers.
And you must be Heidi. Nice to meet you. Guten Tag. I hope that is right.
Hello Mrs. Britain. Yes, that is very good, Chairman. Nice to meet you too.
Oh, please call me Nancy. Hello. Nice to meet you all. Come and meet my father.
I'm looking forward to meeting him. Your father is single, isn't he?
Don't get ideas. You're much too old. Yes. My mother died many years ago. I'm sorry.
Look. There's my father. He's in the swimming pool. I'll go and tell him you are here.
Come with me, Josie. And you just try and behave.
What did I do wrong? Do you know, Boris? Keep him on his lead. Heidi is very sweet.
Oh, look. Heidi's father is coming. Look at him, Nancy. He's very attractive.
And he's just got out of the pool. Oh, dear. Yes. He's got a wonderful body.
Oh, look at those muscles. I'm looking. I'm looking.
I don't think he's so special. Typical German. Nancy, did you hear what I said?
Yes, dear. Hello. Welcome to Germany and welcome to my house. I'm very happy to meet you.
Oh, lovely to see you. I mean, I mean to Fokka too. Oh, please. Call me Daedtle.
Are you a pilot? No. Why do you ask? Are you? No. I just thought maybe you made planes in the walk.
No. Why do you think that? Your name? Fokka. Oh, I see. No connection. I spelled my name with a CK.
Hey, the Fokka you are thinking about is spelled with a doable K. Thank you, Pete.
I'm sorry about my husband. Oh, are all German men like you. Mother.
Come on. Come and sit in the garden. The weather is lovely today. How is the journey?
Very, very long. But that's another story. You have a wonderful house.
Thank you so much. Come on, ladies. Sit next to me.
I haven't seen my bedroom first, Mum. Gran, it's awesome. I have my own bathroom.
All right, Josie. You stay here, Pete, and look after Boris. And make sure you behave.
Yes, dear. Help yourself to a drink. Thank you. You are all welcome to stay in my house.
That's very nice of you, Mr. Her.
Dead leg. Dead left. Oh, sorry. Dead left.
You can do day trips to lots of famous places from here. Is that your car in the drive?
Ah, yes. And you drove all this way in that. Yes, it's a solid, british car.
They don't make them like that anymore. I'm pleased to hear that.
Only joking. I know you English like a dry sense of humour.
You can use my car while you are here. Take the BMW. It's in the garage most of the time.
I like to go by bicycle. Much healthier and better for the environment, don't you agree?
Yes, I suppose so. You have a BMW?
Yes. A nice German car. Very reliable. It's too big for just Heidi and myself. You must try it.
Ah, thank you. Anyway, I just want to finish my swimming for the day.
Please join me. Looking at you, I think you need some exercise.
You don't want a heart attack, do you? Sorry. German humour.
No, thank you. Long journey. No swimming costume. Can't swim.
Bad leg. Okay. Back soon.
Here's my room. Come in. Oh, wonderful.
Balcony as well. Let me look.
Your father is very young. Fit, Heidi. He likes to keep fit.
He always says to me, healthy body, healthy month.
Is that what I think it is? I couldn't leave him at home by himself.
Oh, it's Robbie. Oh, he's so sweet. Come here, little thing.
My father likes him too. He lets him run around the house.
I hid him in my handbag on the journey. It wasn't easy.
And at school, the teachers wondered what the squeaking was.
Oh, they did. Let's go downstairs. It's in polite to stay here.
Who's this, Josie? What do you mean, a gran?
In the photo by the side of your bed. Just a friend. Not important.
That's Mike. He'd up it, Heidi. Oh, I was young many years ago.
It's nice to have a friend. Is he nice? Yes. He's really fit.
Really cool. Awesome. Don't tell Mom and Dad. Do you know what they're like?
Your secret is safe with me. Thanks, Gran. He's in the class I'm in at Heidi's school.
I hope he can come and stay with us in England. How romantic.
I wish something like that happened to me. Maybe it will one day,
but don't say anything to Mom and Dad, particularly Dad. He'll blow a fuse.
Sightseeing.
What an awesome car. I feel like the Queen. I think I'll wave to people. Hello. Hello.
It's nice of debt left to lend his BMW to us. Why can't we have a car like this, dear?
It's not wheel driving. It's too quiet and comfortable.
It's heaps better than our piece of scrap metal. If you don't want to drive it, then I can drive it.
No. No. It's OK. I can drive. You sit and watch the scenery.
Nancy. Yes, ma'am. What is it? I think I have a problem. What sort of problem?
Where? Downstairs. If you know what I mean. Oh, dear. My bottom feels very hot. I think I need to stop.
I heard that. Don't worry, you'll live. It's not funny, Pete. Yes, it is. I forgot to switch off her seat warmer. Sorry.
You did that on purpose, didn't you? Who? Me? No. Of course I did.
Where are we going today? Somewhere interesting, I hope. Not a boring museum. I hope there's a McDonald's nearby. I'm starving.
No, it's Vanstein. Is that a disease? Is it something to do with Pete's? No, ma'am, it's not.
That left said we must go and visit it. But what is it? It sounds mega boring to me.
If you look out of the window, you can see it. Where? All I can see is a supermarket. No, ma'am. Over there.
I didn't know they had Aldi in Germany as well. I always go shopping in Aldi. It's cheap.
I bought three pairs of knickers for 99P. They weren't very good, though. I clean the windows with them now. Would you like a pair, Nancy? No, thank you, ma'am.
Nancy isn't the size of an elephant. Be quiet, Pete. Aldi is a German company. It's very famous here.
It's German. I didn't know that. That's the last time we go shopping there in England. Next time we can go to the other cheap supermarket. What's it called?
Do you mean little? Because that's awesome. Yes, that's the one.
Yes. All right, dear. All I can see is a castle, a tall white building. It looks like the one in Disney World.
Yes. That's it. We're going there. Is it an amusement park? Cool. We could go on the roller coaster. I hope they have one that does loop the loop.
I must take my teeth out this time, the last time. It's not an amusement park. Stop it, both of you. It's a real castle built by a German in 1817.
The past, many years ago. It was built by King Ludwig II in 1869, but it wasn't finished when he died. I'm impressed, Pete. I didn't know you liked history and European history.
Dadleg taught me everything while I was waiting for you all to get ready. He then tested me to check I knew the dates. Typical schoolteacher.
What a nice man he is. And his name is Dadleg, not Dadleg. Why hasn't he got a new wife or girlfriend? Oh, I'm free.
Your mother lives in a fantasy world. No one with any intelligence, common sense or glasses would want you. Not now, Pete. Park over there under the trees. Okay. Okay.
Come on, then. To the castle. It's Miles, Mom. It says on this notice that it's a 30 minute walk. Can't we go by taxi?
Sure. The youth of today. A bit of fresh air is good for you. I want to stay in the car with Boris. You all go. I can take Boris for a walk.
No. You are all right. You stay there. Come on, Mom. Pete. Come on out, little thing. You don't want to see a stupid castle, do you?
Now. Where's my mobile? Here it is.
Mike, it's me. No, I'm at some boring castle. I wish I was with you. Of course I love you. I'll see you tomorrow at school.
We can get out of here. Oh, at last the castle. Oh, what a long walk. All uphill. It's a lovely day and the air is so fresh.
Germans are very strange people. What do you mean now? Well, look. Those two people there. There's no snow here, but they've got ski sticks.
Lost your skis. They're so rude. But what's that point? They look so stupid. I think it's a new sport. Perhaps I can try it back home.
If you try that in Stratford, I think you'll be arrested and put in a straight jacket. That's not a bad idea. Perhaps you should try it.
Don't listen to him, Mum. It's a very healthy sport. It's very popular here. I think it's called Nordic Walking.
Oh, no. There's a long queue. Blasted tourists. They're all bloody Japanese. There's hundreds of them. It's like London.
They all look the same to me with their red caps and name tags. Come on. It's at the front.
Excuse me. Thank you. Yeah, we just want to get through. Excuse me. I'm English. We're very important guests.
And you are not important.
Yes. Yes. Pollocha. Very good car. You'll make good TVs too. Let us do, please.
There we are. Front of the queue. Come on. Guide it to war in 10 minutes.
You should be a little more understanding, Pete. Yes. And not so arrogant.
Excuse me. You're not who built Castle? Oh, yes. Ludwig II in 1869. He died before it was finished.
Oh, your expert on Castle. Yes, a bit. I live in the castle.
Wait. Don't. Just a bit of fun. You live in Castle? Oh, wonderful. My wife wants to know if she can sit on throne for photo.
Of course she can. Don't worry about the rope. Just jump over it.
Hold nine. Does this nish dell out? Come on.
Sometimes you are very nasty. The poor Japanese couple. What fun?
Why did I marry you, Pete? Because you love me, dear. I said because...
Nancy heard you the first time.
In and about Munich.
Come on, this way.
Do you know where we are going? Munich is such a big city.
Of course I do. I'm a man. We don't need maps. We just know where we are going.
I want to go shopping. Me too.
That can all wait. I want to go to a beer garden in Munich and have a beer and to be served by a real German bar maid.
With a low cleavage. That's what you're interested in.
I don't know what you're talking about. Next turn on the right, I think. Maybe it's left.
Yes, I'm sure it's right. Or maybe a bit more to the left here.
What the...
Be careful. You must look the other way first.
Why do Germans have to drive on the wrong side of the road? Bloody typical.
Dad, this is the wrong street. The beer garden has passed the Central Station. And we're still near the rat house.
Rat house? What's a rat house?
I hope you haven't got that pet rat with you.
It's the town hall. The beer garden is next to the radio station.
Give me the map. Let me just check. We're right. I think we might be slightly wrong.
Okay, let's get going. Only 20 minutes to walk.
There it is. The beer garden.
It looks fun. Come on. I can hear music. Perhaps we could all have a single song.
Oh, awesome. Oh, lovely German men. There's a table over there.
I feel hungry. Let's have something to eat. Pass me the menu, Josie.
Oh, it's all in German. Can you help, Josie?
Try. But here's a menu in English.
That's better. It's all sausages. White sausage, pork sausage, veal sausage, and pork knuckles, and rose pork.
It's true what they say about German food. But they have fish and chips here.
You can't come to Germany and have fish and cheese.
I don't see why not.
Who's God? Good as air? Put your tongue back in your mouth, Pete. What do you want to eat?
Oh, yes, please.
Your father is busy at the moment, Josie. Can we order for all of us, please?
I see what you mean. She is rather large.
One pretzel, one sauerkraut, vice-vost, radish, one brought sight.
Dry teas, and I know big beer, bitter. I want a beer, please. All right, grand.
Two teas and two big gross beer, bitter.
Your German is very good, Josie. Thank you, Mum. Thank you.
I like it here. I know why.
I love the men wearing leather shorts.
They look very tight. Not very good for doing the long jump.
And the women are wearing the dermal. The front is very low. It doesn't leave much to the imagination.
I want to buy one. I think I'd look good at the bingo club back home.
I thought the old men in the club will have a heart attack. Good for the funeral business.
Don't be so nasty, Pete. But do you think it's such a good idea, Mum? I think it's a great idea.
Do they have them in your size? Balloon size?
I don't mind what you say. After the meal, I want to go shopping for a turtle.
Grand, it's called a durndel. That's what I said. Here comes the food.
I'm not talking about this mug of beer.
What are you waiting for? Start eating.
What are you waiting for?
I'm not talking about this mug.
Start eating.
What are you waiting for?
What are you waiting for? Start eating.
It all looks very nice and interesting.
What is it?
It's a specialty of the area. Those are white sausages made of veal.
That is sauerkraut and pork sausage and a pretzel.
I hope I don't get tummy problems. It's not like English food.
Don't worry, it tastes really good. Go on, try it.
Ooh, it's yummy.
Ooh, yes, it is. It's really nice. And yours, Pete?
I don't want to eat this German stuff, sauerkraut, yeah.
Typical German food. I now know why Germans look so depressed and angry.
They have to eat this rubbish cabbage in vinegar, yeah.
You're so arrogant sometimes. No, I'm not. I'm right and they're wrong.
This appears a bit cold, but the taste isn't too bad.
Not like a good English draft bitter, but okay, I suppose.
I think you should eat something, Pete. You know what happens if you don't.
I'm okay, don't worry.
Tell me you're finished, I want to go shopping. There are some great shops in Munich.
That's a good idea, isn't it, Pete?
Ah, ah. I want a dirdle. Dandle.
I think I'll just stay here and finish the spear. You can come back here when you're finished.
I'm not so sure that's a good idea.
So worry I'm all right. What can possibly happen?
To a king.
Here we go. Here we go. Here we go.
No sense of humour, the bloody Germans.
There's something wrong with your tables.
There's no to see biddens again. Here is the reckoning.
Oh, the bill. Oh, the bill. Oh, the bill. Oh, the bill.
Sir, I can't find my money. My dear lovely wife has the money.
What's your name?
Oh, no, Pete. What's the matter?
You're drunk. I'm so sorry, Miss.
Bigger thang, bigger thang, bigger thang.
At school.
I told you to be careful with that beer.
Not so loud. I've got a bad headache.
A hangover, you mean?
All right, all right. I have to have some fun in my life.
What do you mean? Nothing, dear. Anyway.
Why are we here?
Hide his father insisted we came to see his English class.
I think he wants to show us how good his pupils are.
More likely to show us how good he thinks he is.
We're so negative all the time.
Schools are worse than hospitals. All these horrible things running around.
They are called children, Pete. Not things.
It's so exciting. I wish I was young again.
School is so much more fun these days.
I hated school, but teachers were so unfriendly.
I was happy to leave.
You told me you were expelled.
That was a misunderstanding.
Expelled? I didn't know that. What happened?
I can't remember.
The police caught him at two o'clock in the morning with Rachel Smith in the headmaster's office.
Oh, you naughty boy, Pete.
We weren't doing anything.
Rachel tells a different story.
You never liked Rachel, does she?
She was always trying to pinch your bottom.
Now stop it, you two.
Just look at the pupils over there.
Why don't they wear a school uniform?
They all look so scruffy and untidy.
When I was at school, I had to wear a navy blue blazer, black trousers and a cap.
Yes?
I bet you looked stupid.
Yes, a bit, but that's not the point. Everyone looked the same.
Yes, stupid.
Who is that over there?
Look, it can't be. It is.
Who? What?
It's dead leg fucker, but look at him.
He's not wearing a suit or a tie.
He's got jeans on.
I can't believe it. He's a teacher.
He looks like a workman here to repair the drains.
Someone has to do it.
Sorry, Mum.
We can't all be doctors or lawyers or surgeons.
Exactly what are you rambling on about now?
Drains!
I give up.
Come on.
Let's go and say hello to dead leg and then meet these snotty herbists.
But not for long, please.
I hope you're going to be polite.
Don't forget that Josie is in the class.
Yes!
That left said his English class prepared some questions to ask us in English.
I know, I know.
Why do you keep repeating yourself, Pete?
What?
Nothing, dear.
Be quiet, children.
Stop talking.
No.
Please come in.
Welcome to my Year 9 English class.
Frank, get three chairs for our English guests.
Thank you, Frank.
Please, Year 9, I want to introduce my English friends, Nancy and Pete Breton.
And this is Nancy's mother.
They came to visit their daughter Josephine, who, as you know,
is sitting at the back of the class with Heidi.
They kindly came into our school today to meet you and to answer your questions
that I hope you prepared at home.
So, who would like to start?
Come on, class.
Don't be shy.
Julia, read out your question, please.
Oh, like you, Germany.
How many times do I have to tell you, Julia, with a question you do?
Do, do, do.
Yes, do like you, Germany.
No, no, no.
Do you like Germany?
Yes, I like.
No, Julia.
I'm not asking you.
But you say to me, do you like Germany?
Yes, I know.
But I was trying to tell you the correct question in English.
Oh, I see.
And the answer is, yes, I do.
I, too.
I, too, what?
Sorry. I, too.
Thank you.
Sit down, Julia. Thank you.
Alba.
Do you have a question?
Yes, I do.
Good. Please read it.
Do you like German food and drink?
Well done. Good question.
I certainly like the German beer.
I had such a hangover.
I don't think the pupils are interested in that topic, dear.
Can you sing the British National Anthem, please?
I don't think that's a very good question, Alba.
Oh, it's a lovely question.
I can sing it.
God save our gracious queen.
No, please, no, please.
God save the queen.
Tell your mother to shut up, please.
Nothing glorious.
Happy.
Alba.
Let me know.
No, the two.
Mother.
Oh, for us.
Everyone joining.
God save the queen.
Wonderful, wonderful.
Thank you very much.
Row, row, row the boat.
You were certainly a hit at the school, Mum.
I think the word is twit, not hit.
What did he say?
You know I can't hear very well.
Nothing, Mum.
Anyway, what a wonderful view.
It's a lovely place.
It's lovely and peaceful with the mountains in the background.
Where are we?
Keem sea.
It's a lake.
Dead lakes said something about it being a sea.
His geography is a bit wrong.
This isn't a sea, it's a lake.
Don't they teach them anything at school?
No, Dad.
The German word for a lake is sea.
But why?
Why call a lake a sea?
I don't understand the cracks.
Don't be so rude, Pete.
They are so strange.
Do you want to know what happened when I went for a walk with Boris this morning?
No, but I think you're going to tell us.
An old German fossil started shouting at me in German and waving a stick at me.
What were you doing, trying to chat her up?
Of course not.
She was older than your mother, if that's possible.
I'm not so old, Pete.
The old deer was waiting at the traffic lights on the opposite side.
I don't know why she was waiting.
There were no cars coming.
So, I crossed over the street.
As I got to the other side, she started screaming and waving her stick.
I don't see what's so funny.
I thought maybe she's escaped from the loony bit, or maybe drank too much snaps.
In Germany, it is normal to wait at the traffic lights until the light turns green.
Yes, but there weren't any cars.
That doesn't matter, it's the law.
Typical Germans.
What a stupid law.
Oh, look, rowing boats.
I want to go on the lake.
Come on, everyone.
We can eat afterwards.
That's a good idea.
Let's go.
All right.
You too, Pete.
Good and talk.
Viervant ein rowing shift.
For ein our bitter.
Danke.
Your German is so good, Josie.
It's wonderful you're with us.
I don't know what we would have done without you.
Stayed in England.
It's important to meet other people.
Get to know how they lived at.
I don't see why.
There's no better holiday than a week or two in Blackpool.
It has everything you need.
Except sun.
The sun comes out on Sundays.
Not when we're there, and we're there every year.
Oh, I like it.
Here we are.
I want to roll.
Not so fast, Mum.
Don't rock the boat.
Oh, oh, oh.
This is fun.
I want to give everyone just sit down.
Boris, lie down.
Could you tell your mum that if she wants to roll, she needs to turn around.
I don't know what you mean.
Oh, absolutely.
We're going backwards.
Be careful, Mum.
Oh, oh.
Careful.
Oh, this is fun.
Don't rock the boat, Josie.
Give the oars to me.
You have no idea.
No, I want to roll.
I want them.
You are a danger to civilisation.
Stop eating the two of you.
You're behaving just like children.
I want them.
Give them to me.
I've had enough.
Can we go back to the shore now?
I don't believe it.
What a holiday.
Your mother started it.
No, I did.
Both of you.
Now, let me get out of this boat.
Be careful.
Don't do that.
No, the other way.
Put one foot on the bank.
No, don't grab.
Throw the other way.
Wait, which way?
I'm confused.
Give them to me.
You silly old bat.
No.
Oh.
Help me.
I'm drowning.
Oh, thank you, Boris.
Somebody here to save me.
Oh, my leg.
Flying is better.
Unbelievable.
All right, all right.
What a family.
Unbelievable.
Can you stop saying unbelievable, dear?
Well, it is rather unbelievable.
I know.
Your mother started it.
No, I didn't.
How is the leg, Nancy?
Does it hurt?
Yes, it does.
A lot.
My friend Marcus at the Bingo Club lost his leg on a Tuesday.
I'm sorry.
My friend Marcus.
I heard you the first time, but why are you telling us?
Just wanted to make Nancy feel better.
You think telling a story about some old codger losing his leg on a Tuesday
is going to make Nancy feel better?
Yes.
He found it again on Wednesday.
Your English are so funny.
Thank you, Mum, for trying to cheer me up.
What's more worrying is how we are all going to get home tomorrow.
There's not enough space in the car for four people, the luggage, and Nancy's leg.
I know.
Nancy can stay with us a bit longer.
That's a good idea, Heidi.
I am very happy to have you in my house for a few days, and then I can put you on a flight to London.
Maybe next week.
Oh, but I couldn't.
That's...
That's decided then.
But...
No more discussion.
That's organised then.
Good.
Come on, Heidi.
Let's go and organise something to eat.
I don't remember saying yes to dead leg to you.
No.
I didn't either, but he's very...
German.
He's very German.
likes to organise everything and everyone.
It's a good idea, Nancy.
Don't you think?
12 hours in that car with your leg bandaged is not a good idea.
And I'm sure the two of you can have a nice time together.
I don't want to go home and I don't want to go in that car either.
You can't stay here, Josie.
Why don't Josie and I stay here in extra week with you, Nancy?
But...
Awesome idea, Gran.
Then we can all fly back to England together.
In an aeroplane?
Yes, Gran.
That's normally how you fly.
I always wanted to go in a flying machine.
Me, too.
It's a great idea.
But...
Jean, she's ready.
Come on.
Can Josie and I stay here with Nancy for another week?
Of course.
A nice idea.
Cool.
Then we can fly back together.
But...
What about me?
You told me you never wanted to fly.
Remember?
Yes, but...
Your three ladies can fly back with one of those cheap airlines.
It's not expensive.
Wonderful.
What a lovely idea.
I don't know how to thank you.
I'm sure you can think of something, Mum.
What do you mean, Josie?
Nothing, Mum, nothing.
Anyway, Pete.
You need to pack the car.
It's a long journey to the ferry port.
But...
Oh, alright.
I get the message.
Right.
Okay.
I'm driving home on my own with Boris.
Super.
So epic.
Pete's trip home.
Now, dear.
Are you sure you have everything?
Yes, dear.
I packed the car myself.
That's what I mean.
Do you want me to check it for you?
I'm not totally useless.
No, dear.
Of course you're not.
Hope the three of, er...
Two of you have a nice journey, Dad.
What?
Three.
What are you talking about, Josie?
There's only me and Boris alone.
Er...
Yes, Dad.
I, er...
Forgot.
Forgot?
What, our family?
Er, right.
Goodbye.
Have a nice week.
Phone me if you have time.
Bye.
I hope he's alright by himself.
He's happiest when he's with his car.
Yes, but...
What were you talking about, Josie?
Sorry, Mum.
Something about the three of you having a nice journey?
Er...
Nothing, Mum.
You didn't, did you?
I didn't.
What?
Where's that rat of yours?
Oh, I'm not sure.
Er, I think he's in a box.
And where's the box, Josephine?
I think it, er...
Maybe, er...
In Dad's car, er...
Maybe.
Oh!
Your father is going to get a very big shock when he gets home.
I just hope that the customs in England don't stop him.
If they do, then your father might be spending a long holiday in one of her majesty's prisons.
I'm sure he'll be okay.
I hope you're right, Josie.
I hope you're right.
Good morning, sir.
Can I see your passport?
Thank you, sir.
And your dog's passport, please, sir?
Oh, don't worry, officer.
He's fine.
He's not a terrorist.
Your dog needs a passport, sir, to show he's been inoculated.
He's fine.
He hasn't been near any strange dogs in Germany.
But there are one or two strange people there.
I'm sorry, sir. It's the law.
Your dog will have to be put in quarantine for six months.
Six months?
Oh, no.
What's Nancy going to say when she gets home?
She'll kill me.
There must be something I can do.
I'm sorry, sir.
Can you bring your dog with me, sir?
Problems with your breaks, sir?
Uh...
I...
Oh, no!